I thought that the Worms 2 version of breakout was interesting, as the powerups involved were quite unique and amusing. The patterns of the blocks were also interesting, changing from level to level. Also, I enjoyed watching the worm dance when you completed a level, I thought it was a nice touch. For my version of breakout, I want to make three different levels. The first level will be a standard arrangement of rows, with each block from the row closest to the paddle needing one break, the second row needing two breaks, and the third row needing three breaks. The second level will be in the shape of an infinity sign, with each block needing 10 breaks. The third level will have filled in content where the ball cannot go (indestructible blocks), with blocks arranged in a V pattern. The indestructible blocks will be in the places where the normal blocks are not. In this level, there will be blocks that need 5, 4, 3, 2, and 1 hits to break. All of the configurations are shown in the pdf file, all_configs.pdf. This makes 6 types of blocks (7 including the indestructible blocks). I want to have 3 types of powerups. The first powerup is going to be an increase size powerup, where the ball will become bigger and easier to bounce. The second powerup will be what I want to call a "bomb" powerup, where the ball will pop more than just the block it hits (either by popping all blocks in a radius or by popping adjancent blocks, not sure which implementation I want to use yet). The final powerup will be a double popper block, which will double the number of blocks popped by the ball. Each powerup will last for a set period of time, likely 15 seconds. I will have a cheat key to instantly pop all blocks, moving you on to the next level, a cheat key to make movement of the paddle faster to make it easier to catch the ball, and keys to enable each powerup. As a substantial extra addition, I want to include a multiplier, where if you go a certain length without losing your ball, you get a multiplier to the score gained from hitting and popping each block. This multiplier should double every few pops without losing the ball, in order to emphasize the skill gap between people who can complete the game perfectly and those who lose balls in the process.